Add known issue for image deletion stuck (#477)
harvester/docs: versioned_docs/version-v1.1/upload-image.md

If your image name or URL contains any valid information, the UI will automatically recognize the OS type and image category for you. If not, you can also manually specify those corresponding labels on the UI.

![](/img/v1.1/image-labels.png)

### Known Issues

> If Image is removed during uploading, there is a slim chance that the related Longhorn Backing Image get stuck in deletion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an Image is removed during uploading, there is a slim chance that the related Longhorn Backing Image gets stuck in deletion.
```

Author: Updated per suggestion, thanks.

> From [Longhorn Dashboards](./troubleshooting/harvester.md#access-embedded-rancher-and-longhorn-dashboards), once you found matched Longhorn Backing Image keeps in deletion state for more than 5 minutes , the corner case hit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see if a Longhorn backing image is affected with this issue, find it on the [Longhorn dashboard](./troubleshooting/harvester.md#access-embedded-rancher-and-longhorn-dashboards). If it has been stuck in a deletion state for more than 5 minutes, follow the workaround instructions linked below.
```

Author: Updated per suggestion, thanks.

> If your image name or URL contains any valid information, the UI will automatically recognize the OS type and image category for you. If not, you can also manually specify those corresponding labels on the UI.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Harvester UI can extract information such as OS type and file format from image names and URLs. You can also manually specify the same information on the UI.
```

Reviewer 2: I rewrote this paragraph for the Harvester PoC Guide. I'd like to apply the change here as well.

Author: @jillian-maroket 
I think maybe it's better to create another PR for this. 
WDYT? @bk201, thanks.

Reviewer 3: Yeah, I think it's better to create another PR and include all supported versions.

Reviewer 2: @WebberHuang1118 @bk201 In that case, I'll save this for later. We can create a PR for non-release content enhancements.

![](/img/v1.1/image-labels.png)

### Known Issues

> If an Image is removed during uploading, there is a slim chance that the related Longhorn Backing Image gets stuck in deletion.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you remove an image before the upload process is completed, the related Longhorn backing image may become stuck in the deletion state.
```

> To see if a Longhorn backing image is affected with this issue, find it on the [Longhorn dashboard](./troubleshooting/harvester.md#access-embedded-rancher-and-longhorn-dashboards). If it has been stuck in a deletion state for more than 5 minutes, follow the workaround instructions below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To determine if the issue has occurred, locate the backing image on the Dashboard screen of the [Longhorn UI](./troubleshooting/harvester.md#access-embedded-rancher-and-longhorn-dashboards). If the deletion state has lasted for more than 5 minutes, perform the following steps:
```

![](/img/v1.1/delete-image-stuck.png)

> 1. Find backingimagedatasource was deleted longer than 5 minutes ago:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Verify that the deletion state has lasted for more than 5 minutes.
```

>     `$ kubectl get backingimagedatasources.longhorn.io -A -o json | jq -r '.items[] | select(.metadata.deletionTimestamp != null) | .metadata.name + " deleted at: " + .metadata.deletionTimestamp '`, e.q.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    `$ kubectl get backingimagedatasources.longhorn.io -A -o json | jq -r '.items[] | select(.metadata.deletionTimestamp != null) | .metadata.name + " deleted at: " + .metadata.deletionTimestamp '`
```

>     ![](/img/v1.1/check-image-stuck.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Example:
    ![](/img/v1.1/check-image-stuck.png)
```

> 2. Edit the backingimagedatasource which found from the above step:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Edit the affected backing image data source.
```

    `$ kubectl -n longhorn-system edit backingimagedatasources.longhorn.io <backingimagedatasource name>`

>     e.q. $ kubectl -n longhorn-system edit backingimagedatasources.longhorn.io default-ubuntu-bionic

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Example:
    $ kubectl -n longhorn-system edit backingimagedatasources.longhorn.io default-ubuntu-bionic
```

> 3. Delete finalizer of the backingimagedatasource:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Delete the `finalizers` metadata of the affected backing image data source.
```

>    Delete the related two lines `finalizers:` and `- longhorn.io`
> 
>    ![](/img/v1.1/delete-stuck-image-finalizer.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Example:
   ![](/img/v1.1/delete-stuck-image-finalizer.png)
   You must delete `finalizers:` and `- longhorn.io`.
```

> 4. You should find the backingimage no longer stuck in deletion.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The backing image should no longer be stuck in the deletion state.
```

If your image name or URL contains any valid information, the UI will automatically recognize the OS type and image category for you. If not, you can also manually specify those corresponding labels on the UI.

![](/img/v1.1/image-labels.png)

### Known Issues

If you remove an image before the upload process is completed, the related Longhorn backing image may become stuck in the deletion state.

To determine if the issue has occurred, locate the backing image on the Dashboard screen of the [Longhorn UI](./troubleshooting/harvester.md#access-embedded-rancher-and-longhorn-dashboards). If the deletion state has lasted for more than 5 minutes, perform the following steps:

![](/img/v1.1/delete-image-stuck.png)

1. Verify that the deletion state has lasted for more than 5 minutes.

    `$ kubectl get backingimagedatasources.longhorn.io -A -o json | jq -r '.items[] | select(.metadata.deletionTimestamp != null) | .metadata.name + " deleted at: " + .metadata.deletionTimestamp '`

    Example:
    ![](/img/v1.1/check-image-stuck.png)

1. Edit the affected backing image data source.

>     `$ kubectl -n longhorn-system edit backingimagedatasources.longhorn.io <backingimagedatasource name>`

Reviewer 3: Let's use the code block for commands. It's more consistent across docs.
